Two Chan
This is the information I pulled from the company finance department
10 billion project fee in advance
Lin Fan also appropriated 1 billion without authorization
I bought the unwanted wasteland in Dongshan
Just took over the project
Dare to misappropriate public slash without authorization
If he were to continue to be in charge of this project
God knows what's going to happen
What!
That land has been on the market for ten years
When you come, you will smash it in your hand.
Normally, a billion is gone.
Kung Fu these days
The company lost nearly $1 billion
If you were to run the company
Isn't that my temporary group?
Please take it to hell
The mother project must be handed over to Shu Sheng immediately
Otherwise, our entire Lin's Group
All because of this project
Dragged down I agree with Susan
The project must be handed over to the effective responsibility agreement immediately
Investing is no child's play.
Only Lin Fan can continue fooling around like this
But the consequences would be unthinkable.
I agree too.
At the end of summer, Gaoyou students are still responsible for second-hand
Can you make a decision?